README.md, before:

# Comedy Experiments
A collection of short experiments focusing on how interaction design affordances and online GUI interfaces can be re-oriented for comedy.


### June 6 2022 - Initial thoughts and ideas
#### Notes on interaction design
Information taken from [Interaction Design Foundation](https://www.interaction-design.org/)
</br>
</br>
I started by researching affordances and refreshing my memory on terms related to interaction design. Here are some notes I took:
1. Intuitive everyday design is design that needs no explanation; affordances make design intuitive.
2. It's not sufficient for design to be rational and logical. Affordances direct the perception of possibilities for action and provide strong clues to the operation of things. *Clickable*, buttons, tabs, *draggable*, sliders, *spinnable*...
An affordance is an **action possibility in the relation between a user and an object.**

**Affordances**: defines and determines what actions are possible for an agent.<br>
**Signifiers**: specifies how people discover those possibilities and communicates where the action should take place. Signs and signals that help people act in a way they can operate the physical or digital product.<br>
**Perceived affordances**: Some signifiers are simply the perceived affordance; the signifier is part of the structure of the physical or digital product. Example: a doorknob.  

#### Early brainstorm
What do I find funny in interaction design (based on past past experience):
1. Repetition and build-up, like clicking on something several times and it becomes more and more intense.
2. Obnoxious stuff that is flashing in your face, shaking or buzzing. Being forced to look at something, something that is hard to make disappear or keeps reappearing.
3. Humanizing buttons, objects, widgets. Give inanimate things a personality or human characteristics. Example: a very stressed-out datepicker or a super sexy input box. Or an extremely sad draggable. A family of cute little dialog boxes that are lost and need help.
4. Contrasts between something serious/corporate/conventional in a ridiculous environment.
5. Adding real-world physics on a web-page. Relates to humanizing the elements by making them act as if they were *living on earth*.
6. Forcing the user to do stuff. Example: clicking on something they don't want to in order to complete a task, something ridiculous, shameful or humiliating. The user still does it because they want to move on.
7. Frustrating UI? Example: clicking on something by accident, like refreshing the page after inputing important stuff. Or opening another page by accidentally clicking on something. Wonder if that could be funny or just really frustrating. I guess it's funnier for the designer than for the user. It *could* become funnier to integrate some kind of laughing like a sitcom every time the user encounters a frustrating thing. For example every time the user tries to click on a button it moves slightly from under the cursor and every time there is a laughing crowd sound.  

### Experiment 1 - Making UI sexy
I've been working on a first prototype where I want to re-orient a simple dialog box with input forms to be sexy. My plan :
<br>
 Every time a user presses on a key, the dialog box bounces a little bit and the modal background highlights pink. I also want to add sounds every time, not sure exactly which one. Let's make a list:
1. Soft laughing sounds
2. Moans
3. Surprise sound (ex: OH!)
4. Breaths

It's going good, but I was wondering if the thing would feel more complete with a sort of build-up. I'm trying to see if I could make a build-up in the reactions from the box and background. I know I can control the time of the highlight and the number of bouncing and speed. When both are fast it's more intense and less sexy, but when both are slow it's more smooth and sexy. I want to start with that and then the more the player interacts with the forms, the faster it gets.

Another problem I have is that when the form reactions are smooth, it doesn't quite work with the typing in stuff, because when you type fast, the form takes too much time to react and accumulates the responses, so when the user is no longer interacting with it it continues to react. I think typing should be near the end of the form, which means that it should be a longer form with different user interactions. Starting with interactions that take more time, like choosing options, or something else... Maybe it could be a quiz? A survey? I like that it starts smooth and becomes more and more sexual.

I think for this first exercise I'll focus on the typing part. And maybe the next weeks I could focus on the other parts, and have a complete experience in the end... That could be something.

### June 14 2022
List of things I want to do to make this thing more interesting (before next Monday):
- [ ] Have more sounds available when typing and make them longer
- [ ] Add a laughing sound when resizing window
- [ ] Add more questions in the form with different UI elements (checklists etc...)
- [ ] Use different effects like wiggling
- [ ] Find an intro like clicking on something to open the box
- [ ] Make a climax (ending)
- [ ] Music?

Commit message:

Added UI elements (checkbox, datepicker, menu) and I changed the titles to reference being a new employee at an office and having to create an account

README.md, after:

# Comedy Experiments
A collection of short experiments focusing on how interaction design affordances and online GUI interfaces can be re-oriented for comedy.


### June 6 2022 - Initial thoughts and ideas
#### Notes on interaction design
Information taken from [Interaction Design Foundation](https://www.interaction-design.org/)
</br>
</br>
I started by researching affordances and refreshing my memory on terms related to interaction design. Here are some notes I took:
1. Intuitive everyday design is design that needs no explanation; affordances make design intuitive.
2. It's not sufficient for design to be rational and logical. Affordances direct the perception of possibilities for action and provide strong clues to the operation of things. *Clickable*, buttons, tabs, *draggable*, sliders, *spinnable*...
An affordance is an **action possibility in the relation between a user and an object.**

**Affordances**: defines and determines what actions are possible for an agent.<br>
**Signifiers**: specifies how people discover those possibilities and communicates where the action should take place. Signs and signals that help people act in a way they can operate the physical or digital product.<br>
**Perceived affordances**: Some signifiers are simply the perceived affordance; the signifier is part of the structure of the physical or digital product. Example: a doorknob.  

#### Early brainstorm
What do I find funny in interaction design (based on past past experience):
1. Repetition and build-up, like clicking on something several times and it becomes more and more intense.
2. Obnoxious stuff that is flashing in your face, shaking or buzzing. Being forced to look at something, something that is hard to make disappear or keeps reappearing.
3. Humanizing buttons, objects, widgets. Give inanimate things a personality or human characteristics. Example: a very stressed-out datepicker or a super sexy input box. Or an extremely sad draggable. A family of cute little dialog boxes that are lost and need help.
4. Contrasts between something serious/corporate/conventional in a ridiculous environment.
5. Adding real-world physics on a web-page. Relates to humanizing the elements by making them act as if they were *living on earth*.
6. Forcing the user to do stuff. Example: clicking on something they don't want to in order to complete a task, something ridiculous, shameful or humiliating. The user still does it because they want to move on.
7. Frustrating UI? Example: clicking on something by accident, like refreshing the page after inputing important stuff. Or opening another page by accidentally clicking on something. Wonder if that could be funny or just really frustrating. I guess it's funnier for the designer than for the user. It *could* become funnier to integrate some kind of laughing like a sitcom every time the user encounters a frustrating thing. For example every time the user tries to click on a button it moves slightly from under the cursor and every time there is a laughing crowd sound.  

### Experiment 1 - Making UI sexy
I've been working on a first prototype where I want to re-orient a simple dialog box with input forms to be sexy. My plan :
<br>
 Every time a user presses on a key, the dialog box bounces a little bit and the modal background highlights pink. I also want to add sounds every time, not sure exactly which one. Let's make a list:
1. Soft laughing sounds
2. Moans
3. Surprise sound (ex: OH!)
4. Breaths

It's going good, but I was wondering if the thing would feel more complete with a sort of build-up. I'm trying to see if I could make a build-up in the reactions from the box and background. I know I can control the time of the highlight and the number of bouncing and speed. When both are fast it's more intense and less sexy, but when both are slow it's more smooth and sexy. I want to start with that and then the more the player interacts with the forms, the faster it gets.

Another problem I have is that when the form reactions are smooth, it doesn't quite work with the typing in stuff, because when you type fast, the form takes too much time to react and accumulates the responses, so when the user is no longer interacting with it it continues to react. I think typing should be near the end of the form, which means that it should be a longer form with different user interactions. Starting with interactions that take more time, like choosing options, or something else... Maybe it could be a quiz? A survey? I like that it starts smooth and becomes more and more sexual.

I think for this first exercise I'll focus on the typing part. And maybe the next weeks I could focus on the other parts, and have a complete experience in the end... That could be something.

### June 14 2022 (morning)

List of things I want to do to make this thing more interesting (before next Monday):
- [ ] Have more sounds available when typing and make them longer
- [ ] Add a laughing sound when resizing window
- [x] Add more questions in the form with different UI elements (checklists etc...)
- [ ] Use different effects like wiggling
- [x] Find an intro like clicking on something to open the box
- [ ] Make a climax (ending)
- [ ] Make code more efficient
- [ ] Music?

### June 14 2022 (afternoon)
I added a couple more possible UI elements and placed them in the dialog box. I ordered them thinking of how it could build in intensity. I will try adding sounds and effects to these UI elements tomorrow, but I'm already more confident about how this is turning out. I think adding more possibilities will help a lot. I'm still not sure about the whole context though. I made it about working in an office but why would such a form be sexual? This is the thing that doesn't work for me...
